Which TCP port is open on the machine?
Ans:6379
[Using $nmap -p- -sV (IP) to scan all ports.
-p- option can be used to check all ports and if takes so much time.
--min-rate <number>: Send packets no slower than <number> per second.
-sV: Probe open ports to determine service/version info
Therefore, you can use provided command "nmap -p- --min-rate 5000 -sV (IP)"]

Which service is running on the port that is open on the machine?
Ans:redis
[Redis (REmote DIctionary Server) is an open-source advanced NoSQL key-value data store used as a database, cache, and message broker.
The data is stored in a dictionary format having key-value pairs.
The database is stored in the server’s RAM (in-memory) to enable fast data access.]

What type of database is Redis? Choose from the following options: (i) In-memory Database, (ii) Traditional Database
Ans:In-memory Database

Which command-line utility is used to interact with the Redis server? Enter the program name you would enter into the terminal without any arguments.
Ans:redis-cli

Which flag is used with the Redis command-line utility to specify the hostname?
Ans:-h
[-h <hostname> option is Server hostname (default: 127.0.0.1).]

Once connected to a Redis server, which command is used to obtain the information and statistics about the Redis server?
Ans:info

Next, connecting to the redis server using mentioned command "$redis-cli -h (IP)".

What is the version of the Redis server being used on the target machine?
Ans:5.0.7
[See info.]

Scroll down to notice "#Keyspace" section, which provides statistics on the main dictionary of each database.
We can use select command followed by the index number of database as mentioned in Keyspace section to choose database.

Which command is used to select the desired database in Redis?
Ans:select

After selecting the database, we can list all the keys present in the database using the command "keys *".

How many keys are present inside the database with index 0?
Ans:4

Which command is used to obtain all the keys in a database?
Ans: keys *

We will find out that there is a key called by "flag".
Therefore, we can use get command to get content.
